---
date: 2020-10-01 
layout: post
title: Diwali & Diyas
subtitle: Printable Diwali Prints & Diwali Cards
description: Easy to print and cut Diwali Cards & Diwali Art Prints 
permalink: /collections/diwali
image: /images/portfolio/diwalipin.png
optimized_image: /images/portfolio/reddiya.png
section_id: 33377639
category: printable
tags:
  - Contemporary
  - Diwali
  - DIY
  - Ornate
  - HolidayPrintables
  - Printable
author: Neera Datta
---

## 🔥 What is the story of this Diwali Print? 🔥
Diwali is a fun festival and it marks the beginning of the Indian New Year. Diwali is the festival of lights and every year kids of all ages look forward firecrackers, good sweets and maybe even some fireworks. This year the celebrations will likely be held by each family in their homes. This printable file will help children of all ages make a hand made card for their loved ones.

Wishing a Happy Diwali to you and may your home and your life be filled with light💡

## 🔥🔥 Red Diya Diwali Printable
A Diya is an oil lamp used during the Festival Of Lights during Indian New Year. Perfect for Diwali 2021 this printable Diwali Diya can also be used year-round in your home mandir. Printed on cardstock with a handwritten note or a sweet message makes for a thoughtful gesture as your Indian friends celebrate the Festival of Lights. You can make DIY cards or as decoration for your virtual wedding, your Desi receptions or as a DIY craft or gift tag for your Bridesmaids during wedding week. Handwriting in English or Hindi can make for a perfect Roka ceremony party favor.

## 🔥🔥 What is the story of this Diwali Print?
Diwali is a fun festival and it marks the beginning of the Indian New Year. Diwali is the festival of lights and every year kids of all ages look forward firecrackers, good sweets and maybe even some fireworks. This year the celebrations will likely be held by each family in their homes. This printable file will help children of all ages make a hand made card for their loved ones.


<iframe src="https://assets.pinterest.com/ext/embed.html?id=821484788274237572" height="625" width="236" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" ></iframe>


<iframe src="/images/portfolio/Diwali Video Pin.mp4" height="625" width="236" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" ></iframe>


## ☕☕ What am I getting? 

You will receive TWO ZIP files filled with ready-to-print high-resolution digital files plus one instruction file.

First Zip File - PNG:
:: 1 Large Card - Letter Sized Printable - 8.5x11 ::
:: 2 Medium Square Cards - 8x8 ::
:: 2 Small Rectangle Cards - 4 x 6 ::
:: 6 Gift Tag Cards - 2.5 x 4 Printable File ::

Second File - JPG:
:: 1 Large Card - Letter Sized Printable - 8.5x11 ::
:: 2 Medium Square Cards - 8x8 ::
:: 2 Small Rectangle Cards - 4 x 6 ::
:: 6 Gift Tag Cards - 2.5 x 4 Printable File ::

Third File - PDF:
:: Instructions in PDF format ::


## ☕☕ What size is this file? 
These files will print on an 8.5 x 11 paper or card stock. The size of your actual print will depend on the printer you choose and the settings you use.

If you do not see the specific file size you are looking we can create that file for you and then make a custom listing. Contact us for more details.

## ☕☕ How do I get it? 
:: Simply purchase the listing
:: After your payment has cleared you can download your instant file under purchases/reviews
:: It’s that simple!

* No physical product will be shipped. Props and frames in this digital listing are not included. *

## ☕☕ What is the story of my store
I have been designing and editing images ever since I first discovered Microsoft Paint on my new computer back in the '90s! The designs you see here have been printed/cut into paper or vinyl and have been used at Indian weddings, baby and bridal showers that I have hosted, given out as gifts by me or used in my children's school for Inclusive Schools Week. I am sharing them with the world in the hopes that another creative person can take them and print or cut their own.
I take pride in creating beautiful downloadable and printable files. If you need something custom made feel free to reach out using the contact page or any of the social media accounts. I would love to create a unique design for you.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## ☕☕ Printing and Cutting
When printing the quality of the final project is determined by the quality of the printer and the paper or card stock that you choose.

The file you are purchasing comes in PNG and JPG Format
If you would like the SVG format please find the other listing in the store or contact the owner.


Please keep in mind that colors on a monitor may vary slightly from how they appear in person or how they display on viewing device to another due to the color calibration of your device or monitor. We recommend printing the pages using high-quality paper, such as card stock.

*Please note, this listing is for an instant download only, no print will be mailed.*

You can print using your home printer, a print shop, or online service such as the following:

:: Shutterfly
:: Snapfish
:: Vista Print
:: Staples
:: Fed Ex

An unlimited amount of copies can be made.

If you are a business for example an event planning company - please contact the store owner if you would like more information on a commercial license.

This artwork is copyrighted by Two Cups Of Chaa. This purchase listing is strictly for non-commercial, personal use only. You may print and design in your home, business, or a public place but may not resell, reproduce, distribute by electronic means or profit in any way from the design.


<iframe src="https://assets.pinterest.com/ext/embed.html?id=821484788274716226" height="618" width="345" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" ></iframe>








