---
date: 2020-11-01
layout: post
title: The Reds Collection
subtitle: What is the Reds Collection?
description: 
permalink: /collections/reds
image: /images/portfolio/reds_collection.png
section_id: 28973991
category: collections
tags:
  - weddings
  - indianweddings
  - weddingprintables
  - grooms
  - brides
  - invitations
  - thankyounotes
  - DIY
  - collections
author: neeradatta
---




A selection of files to help you put together different aspects of your wedding. While the images are through an Indian lens they can certainly be used for events of all kinds. The collection will help you with the signage and printed parts of the wedding. The collection has everything from Bridal Shower and Sangeet invitations to signs to help direct the flow of guests on the day. The first part of the collection will be listed as printables. The second part of this collection will be editable, which means you can personalize the file to fit your event.

How this helps you plan your event:
Customizable Templates: These files are easy to edit and customize. 
Printable Animals: These files can be used as DIY printable gifts that can be given as a printed gift on elegant cardstock or printed and placed inside a frame. 



The why: I grew up going to weddings and have always loved the pomp and ceremony that we put into our celebrations. As young kids we remember seeing the bright colors on our outfits and our jewelry, everyone brings their “A game!” We smell that wonderful smell of food being cooked in the Bridal house to prepare for all the guests that will stop by. Having a wedding in the house is lovely – but it takes a lot to put it all together.

When it came time to my own mixed with the smell of treats being rustled up in the kitchen wedding, I was a budget bride through-and-through. Most of the items on my bridal to-do-list were recycled or repurposed by things I found at the local craft stores. Some things like wedding signage or guestbook pages I simply created from scratch and printed on my home computer. This collection is my way of bringing class and style to an event in an easy way at an affordable price.