---
date: 2021-09-08 
layout: post
title: Ornate & Contemporary
subtitle: Customizable & Printable Digital Collection
description: Ornate and intricate designs mixed with contemporary and modern stationary options. 
permalink: /collections/ornate
image: /images/portfolio/ornatebridesmaid.jpg
optimized_image: /images/portfolio/contemporaryhaathi.png
section_id: 28973991
category: Collections
tags:
  - Ornate
  - Contemporary
  - Wedding
  - DIY
  - EventPlanning
  - WeddingPrintables
author: Neera Datta
---

How do you bring that level of elegance and sophisication while tying in your wedding colors or wedding theme? 

> We are here to help you with your paper products and your e-files

The Ornate Collection is a bundle of digital files that have options for customization. 

## Printables in the Ornate Collection

You will find our full collection on our Etsy storefront [Click here](https://www.etsy.com/shop/TwoCupsOfChaa).

- `Add a level of elegance to your wedding event`
- `Add a personalized touch by addressing each family or Wedding party member`
- `Save time by editing it all on your own computer`
- `Save on your budget with these easy to use options`


# What do I get? 

A selection of files to help you put together different aspects of your wedding. While the images are through an Indian lens they can certainly be used for events of all kinds. The collection will help you with the signage and printed parts of the wedding. The collection has everything from Bridal Shower and Sangeet invitations to signs to help direct the flow of guests on the day. The first part of the collection will be listed as printables. The second part of this collection will be editable, which means you can personalize the file to fit your event.

# How this helps you plan your event:
Customizable Templates: These files are easy to edit and customize. 
Printable Animals: These files can be used as DIY printable gifts that can be given as a printed gift on elegant cardstock or printed and placed inside a frame. 














