---
date: 2021-09-05
layout: post
title: Grooms and Groomsmen
subtitle: Custom Invitation & Thank You Stationary
description: A customizable invitation and thank you stationary for the groom and groomsmen.
permalink: /collections/grooms
image: /images/portfolio/groomscoversart.jpg
section_id: 33360208
category: collections
tags:
  - Grooms
  - Groomsmen
  - DIY
  - Event Planning
  - Wedding
  - Wedding Printables
  - Collections
author: neeradatta
---

## Grooms & Groomsmen Printables

Our Grooms And Groomsmen-Red Printable Templates with a classic look is a quick and effortless way to add a personal note to a Groomsmen Memory Box or Bridal Party Gift Bag. This versatile Grooms And Groomsmen-Red Printable Template sheet can be printed as many times as you need making it a beautiful and thoughtful addition to your event while being easy on your wedding budget. This set of digital files is perfect for Event Planners or DIY couples who are planning a pre-wedding party or the day of the wedding event. Add to your out-of-towner wedding welcome bag and mark this part of your celebration planner book or wedding checklist as done ☑️ Last-minute bulk gifting? This versatile printable file is a good one to have on hand in your event planning binder or folder.

Print these Grooms & Groomsmen Maroon Circle Cards on some sturdy cardstock and personalize with a handwritten thoughtful message. These Printable Templates help add to your personalized touch and are a wonderful gesture as you gift something special to friends and family to mark their celebrations. You can make DIY cards or frame the prints as decoration for your Stag Events or as a DIY craft or gift tag for your Bridesmaids during the big wedding week. Handwrite a note in a sharpie on the other side, it can make for a perfect engagement or pre-wedding ceremony party table number, favor tag or note 📝

The Grooms and Groomsmen collection is a selection of files to help you plan the Bridal Party Invitation side of you wedding events. While the images are through an Indian lens they can certainly be used for events of all kinds. Each template is customizable and the download comes with instructions to help you on your way. 

## COMING SOON

The option to have the file edited for you for a set fee. Files will be edited and returned to you electronically. Message owner via Etsy store messages for futher information.